Fix feature gates for v1.29 (#44457)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/structured-authorization-configuration.md

---
title: StructuredAuthorizationConfiguration
content_type: feature_gate
_build:
  list: never
  render: false
---

> Enables structured authorization configuration, which can enhances the manageability and traceability for authorization than RBAC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enables structured authorization configuration, so that cluster administrators can specify more than one [authorization webhook](/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/webhook/) in the API server handler chain.
```
